Docs ldap svc account (#7823)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/security/auth/extauth/ldap/_index.md

dn: cn=managers,ou=groups,dc=solo,dc=io
```

## Step 3: Set up LDAP authentication for the Virtual Service
{{% notice warning %}}
{{% extauth_version_info_note %}}
{{% /notice %}}

Now that we have all the necessary components in place, let's use the LDAP server to secure the Virtual Service we created 
earlier. 

### LDAP auth flow 
Before updating our Virtual Service, it is important to understand how Gloo Edge interacts with the LDAP server. Let's first 
look at the {{< protobuf
display="LDAP auth configuration"
name="enterprise.gloo.solo.io.Ldap"
>}}:

- `address`: The address of the LDAP server that Gloo Edge will query when a request matches the Virtual Service.
- `userDnTemplate`: A template string that Gloo Edge uses to build the DNs of the user entry or service account that 
   needs to be authenticated and authorized. It must contain a single occurrence of the “%s” placeholder.

> - `membershipAttributeName`: The case-insensitive name of the attribute that contains the names of the groups an entry is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `membershipAttributeName`: The case-insensitive name of the attribute that contains the names of the groups an entry is a
```

   member of. Defaults to `memberOf` if not provided.
- `allowedGroups`: The DNs of the user groups that are allowed to access the secured upstream.
- `searchFilter`: The filter to use when searching for the user entry that you want to authorize.
- `disableGroupChecking`: If set to true, disables validation for the membership attribute of the user entry. 

> - `groupLookupSettings`: Configure a separate service account to look up group memberships from the LDAP server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `groupLookupSettings`: Configures a separate service account to look up group memberships from the LDAP server. 
```

To better understand how this configuration is used, let's go over the steps that Gloo Edge performs when it detects a 
request that needs to be authenticated with LDAP:

1. Look for a [Basic Authentication](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_access_authentication) header on the request 
   and extract the username and credentials. 
2. If the header is not present, return a `401` response. 
3. Try to perform a [BIND](https://ldap.com/the-ldap-bind-operation/) operation with the LDAP server. Gloo Edge supports the following LDAP binding options: 

>    - **User binding**: When using user binding, Gloo Edge extracts the username from the basic auth header, and substitutes the name with the `%s` placeholder in the `userDnTemplate` to build the DN for the `BIND` operation. Note that [special characters](https://ldapwiki.com/wiki/DN%20Escape%20Values) are removed from the username before performing the `BIND` operation to prevent injection attacks. You also have the option to use a service account to retrieve group membership information on behalf of the user.

Reviewer: Can we just remove this first phrase, kind of wordy:
```suggestion
   - **User binding**: Gloo Edge extracts the username from the basic auth header, and substitutes the name with the `%s` placeholder in the `userDnTemplate` to build the DN for the `BIND` operation. Note that [special characters](https://ldapwiki.com/wiki/DN%20Escape%20Values) are removed from the username before performing the `BIND` operation to prevent injection attacks. Instead of user binding, you can use a service account to retrieve group membership information on behalf of the user.
```

>    - **Service account binding**: Instead of giving each user access to the group membership information, you can use a service account to look up this information on behalf of the user. To authenticate with the LDAP server, you must store the service account credentials in a Kubernetes secret in your cluster. Then, you reference that secret in your `AuthConfig`. Note that you can only verify the user's group membership in the LDAP server with the service account. 

Reviewer: Is this service account already a Kubernetes service account? I was a little confused about the relationship amongst those. Or is it a pre-existing service account in the LDAP server?

Reviewer 2: It's a pre-existing service account in the LDAP server.

> 4. If the `BIND` operation fails, the user is either unknown or their credentials are incorrect, and a `401` response code is returned. 

Reviewer 2: Yeah this looks good to me. As an extra note, if binding with the service account fails we return 500 because that would happen regardless of what credentials are in the request. I'm not sure if that's too much for the user guide though.

> 4. If the `BIND` operation fails, the user is either unknown or their credentials are incorrect, and a `401` response code is returned. 

Reviewer 3: I think it's a good idea to include the part about 500. This is an error that users could commonly run into and calling it out here could help them fix it themselves.

> 4. If the `BIND` operation fails, the user is either unknown or their credentials are incorrect, and a `401` response code is returned. 

Reviewer 3: Okay, it's already in there a few lines below. So I think this has been fully addressed
